Initialize empty RichTextAreaComponent if ActionText not installed, to fix Zeitwerk error (#120)
pantographe/view_component-form: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - Initialize empty RichTextAreaComponent if ActionText not installed, to fix Zeitwerk error (#120)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Declare empty RichTextAreaComponent if ActionText is not installed, to fix Zeitwerk error (#120)
```
